*About Nibble Blog*
"Nibble Blog":http://www.nibbleblog.com/ is a young, small and extremely fast Open Source Blog application written in PHP5 / SimpleXML by "Diego Najar":http://www.muser.com.ar/, a Computer Science major located in Argentina. Diego has done a terrific job of engineering this application and building it out to Version 2.

You can test drive the Nibble Blog *v2 Demo* "here":http://beta.nibbleblog.com/. You can get the *Code* "here":http://code.google.com/p/nibbleblog/downloads/list and ... you can find help in the *Forum* "here":http://forum.nibbleblog.com/.

*About This Repository*
These files extend the default features of Nibble Blog and are supplied without warranty under Open Source License(s) as detailed below.

*Basic Plugin Installation*
# Select */downloads/yourplugin.zip* and click *View Raw* then *Save* - unpack on your local machine.
# Upload *yourplugin.zip contents* to *yournibbleblog/plugins/* directory
# Add contents of *yourplugin_language_snippet.txt* to the bottom of *yournibbleblog/lang/english.php* file.
# Login to *yournibbleblog.com/admin* and publish your new plugin

*Basic Plugin Inventory*
+Adsense v1.0+
Basic Plugin shows Google Adsense in sidebar. Adapted from Ads Plugin v1.0 by Diego Najar. License GPL-2.

*Advanced Plugin Installation*
Please see "the Wiki":http://wiki.github.com/betaverse/nibble-blog-2/ for more detail on *Advanced Plugins*. 

*Advanced Plugin Inventory*
+Picasa v1.0 beta+
Advanced Plugin shows interactive gallery in sidebar. Uses jQuery, EmbedPicasaGallery and Slimbox2. License GPL-2.

*Demo Site*
Visit my "Demo Site":http://nibble2b7.betaverse.com/ to see these files in action.
--